e2e tests evaluation in CI (#81)
timescale/tobs: cli/README.md

## Testing

__Dependencies__: [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/), [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)

> A testing suite is included in the `tests` folder. The testing suite can be run by `./e2e-tests.sh` this script will create kind cluster executes the test suite and deletes the kind cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A testing suite is included in the `tests` folder. The testing suite can be run by `./e2e-tests.sh` this script will create a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) cluster, execute the test suite, and delete the kind cluster.
```
